Add and Update Identity Providers (#839)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/identity-providers/twitter.adoc

If you do not yet have a Twitter app you will need to create an app in this step. If you already have a Twitter app that you plan to use for FusionAuth please review this section anyway to ensure your configuration is correct to support the Twitter login.

> * https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/projects-and-apps

Reviewer: No need for this to be a single item list.

Reviewer: Same with links above.

> In the following screenshot you will find an example of the Create an App process. Review the following sections to ensure your configuration is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below screenshot you can see how to create an app.
```

Reviewer: I'd add the screenshot here if we have one, otherwise remove the phrase "screenshot"

=== Record the Keys and Token

> The API key and API secret key are typically presented at the onset of app creation. Record these values in a password vault (or similar) for safekeeping. They will be needed for later integration with the FusionAuth IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API key and API secret key are typically presented at the onset of app creation. Record these values. They will be needed for later integration with the FusionAuth IdP.
```

> The API key and API secret key are typically presented at the onset of app creation. Record these values in a password vault (or similar) for safekeeping. They will be needed for later integration with the FusionAuth IdP.

Reviewer: Can we get a screenshot of the app creation screen?

=== Authentication Settings

> You will need to modify a few setting here to enable Twitter to connect with FusionAuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to modify a few settings here to enable Twitter to connect with FusionAuth. On the app settings page, the various configuration changes you need to make are marked with a numbered circle.

image::identity-providers/twitter-create-app.png[Create Twitter App,width=1200]
```

Reviewer: That is, show the picture first.

==== Add the Callback URL +++<span style"height: 50%; width: 50%;"><span class="fa-stack fa-2x" style="color: #F4821F;"><i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-1x"></i><span class="fa-stack-1x calendar-text" style="color: black; font-family: sans-serif; font-size: medium">1</span></span>+++ & +++<span class="fa-stack fa-2x" style="color: #F4821F;"><i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-1x"></i><span class="fa-stack-1x calendar-text" style="color: black; font-family: sans-serif; font-size: medium">2</span></span>+++

> In this example I have registered `\https://login.piedpiper.com/oauth2/callback` as the callback URL. Please note that you will need to `enable` 3-legged OAuth and complete all required fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example I have registered `\https://login.piedpiper.com/oauth2/callback` as the callback URL. Enable 3-legged OAuth and complete all required fields.
```

> The first part of that value will be equal to the public URL of FusionAuth, in this case `\https://login.piedpiper.com`. The second part, the actual redirect URI will always be `/oauth2/callback`.

Reviewer: Which value? This is confusing.

`/oauth2/callback` isn't a URI (no hostname, no scheme). So I'm confused.

==== Request Email +++<span class="fa-stack fa-2x" style="color: #F4821F;"><i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-1x"></i><span class="fa-stack-1x calendar-text" style="color: black; font-family: sans-serif; font-size: medium">3</span></span>+++

> Finally, you will want to ensure you have checked `Request email address from users.`  Please note, for some Twitter users, it is possible to create an account without an email address. If this is the case for your Twitter users, you will want to configure the IdP below to link on a username, or create a pending link. See link:/docs/v1/tech/identity-providers#linking-strategies[Linking Strategies]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have configured `Request email address from users` to be true. For some Twitter users, it is possible to create an account without an email address. 

If you want to handle this case, configure the IdP to link on a username, or create a pending link. See link:/docs/v1/tech/identity-providers#linking-strategies[Linking Strategies for more].
```

This was confusing a bit. Why create a pending link, when, for github, it was suggested to create an anonymous user? Shouldn't any IdP that might not have email available have a common set of workarounds? Is that worth documenting separately, perhaps in the linking strategy section?

> image::identity-providers/twitter-create-app.png[Create Twitter APp,width=1200,role=shadowed]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::identity-providers/twitter-create-app.png[Create Twitter App,width=1200,role=shadowed]
```

Or remove, since you display it above.

> === Keys and token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Keys and Tokens
```

> Now click on the `Keys and tokens` tab, in this section you will find the Consumer API keys. These two values will be used to configure the FusionAuth Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now click on the [breadcrumb]#Keys and tokens# tab. In this section you will find the Consumer API keys. These two values will be used to configure the FusionAuth Identity Provider.
```

> There is no further configuration to perform on this panel, you will only need to record or copy these values for the next step. These values are typically displayed at the onset of app creation and then hidden. Click regenerate to obtain a new value and remember to update your codebase with these new values.

Reviewer: copy which values? The API Key and secret? Or something else? Unclear what I should copy.

> image::identity-providers/twitter-keys-tokens.png[Twitter Keys and tokens,width=1200,role=shadowed bottom-cropped]

Reviewer: No need for shadowed. The current image isn't cropped at the bottom, but should be.
